Dr Jameson: So I just finished dictating on my group, the 130 group for
Dr Jameson: Ohio and the left patient I dictated was for April, Eddie. I just want to change the plan on that I sent number 28 no refill she's
Dr Jameson: New to bright heart and I reviewed her or his report and actually her previous program was sending had been sending two weeks supplies and then dropped it to weekly. So I think we're already extending a courtesy for her as a new patient here to be getting two weeks applies.
Dr Jameson: Pharmacy trips are exempt from the
Dr Jameson: Quarantine orders that are in place so
Dr Jameson: Then I have a new patient
Dr Jameson: Hi there.
rosita stotridge: How are you
Dr Jameson: I'm fine, thanks. My name is Dr. Jamison, can you hear me okay. Yeah. Can you hear me okay yeah I just had to turn my volume up a little, um,
Dr Jameson: Let's see if you could just confirm your name and birthdate for me.
rosita stotridge: Rosie to start ridge birth dates 914 87 okay
Dr Jameson: Are you in Tennessee where you Tennessee, Tennessee. Okay.
Dr Jameson: So they've already kind of, it's my. I'm Dr. James and I guess I said that I'm already kind of gone through this sort of consenting for using telemedicine instead of the regular basis fit in, you know, in the same actual room together.
Dr Jameson: And then just to make sure you're aware, we these meetings. I'll get transcribed meaning like they they typed down everything that is said so in order to do that, it gets recorded, so just so you're aware you're getting you're being recorded.
Dr Jameson: They don't save the video record the video like playback of it after a month or something. But the transcription remains so.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so as long as you're okay with that.
Dr Jameson: Let's see, tell me, are you currently on Suboxone or anything. Yeah. Yes. Okay. And do you take films or strips or earning tablets or
rosita stotridge: The doctor, I was going to she had me on one a day and
I was still having withdrawals pretty bad. I was coming off.
rosita stotridge: Heroin and I kept telling her that, you know, I was having withdrawals and I would I get up early. So anywhere from I take my medicine anywhere from 430 to five o'clock in the morning.
rosita stotridge: anywhere from one to two o'clock in the evening I would start filling the leg cramps and like that kind of the sweats and the fatigue kind of fill in the wilderness.
Dr Jameson: Where we get paint really relax. I
rosita stotridge: Felt that and then it not just cake sleep my legs cramp just
Dr Jameson: So that's all. How are you take area on the medication. Now, or, you know, we'll take it off the street now, but I see, okay, just wanted a. Okay, so how much are you are you still just doing one a day or you take more than that. Now I get if I can have the money.
Enough I get at least two, two and a half a day.
Dr Jameson: So, so for you the best is the two and a half or
rosita stotridge: If I could get. Yeah, the two and a half. If I could get three that I'm not be able to dose, like a half dose do a half at night and see if that would help. And if it didn't take the other half.
Sick.
Dr Jameson: Okay. Well, I mean, we want to keep you on enough to make you not feel ill, but not any more than absolutely necessary, either.
Dr Jameson: If I getting my from two to three.
rosita stotridge: Day. I think that would help extremely keep me stable and the path that I want to be on. OK.
Dr Jameson: So the, the place that you were going before. Are you just interested in DID THEY WHY ARE YOU switching just because they didn't give you any more than one a day or he was just given me the one a
rosita stotridge: Day and I had told her that was wonder withdrawals and I had like three two to three claims drug test and where she went and offering to try to take me up any I ended up going out and using and I failed my drug test.
Dr Jameson: Oh, so I kicked. Yeah, yeah. Alright, so the last time you had a prescription. When did you last go there. Two weeks ago, almost three weeks ago. Okay.
Dr Jameson: All right. Um, and then how long ago did you first start
Dr Jameson: In treatment.
rosita stotridge: I have been in to countless Suboxone treatment. I'm in now. I was in another treatment back in 2014 as methadone.
rosita stotridge: Okay, and Alice on it for a few years, but I ended up losing my job and I'm unable to pay for it because they didn't take insurance at all.
That's when I'm just boxing.
Okay.
Dr Jameson: And when was that that you Mocha Suboxone sorry
2014 2014 or 15
Dr Jameson: Okay, so you've been taking Suboxone sorry I might be confused. Sorry. You went taking two blocks on Suboxone since 2014 yes okay continuously are often on here like, Yeah, okay.
Dr Jameson: So sometimes when you don't have a prescription you buy from the street, which is not uncommon. I am not.
And then I would if
rosita stotridge: If I could have done the Suboxone which it's kind of a whole it's easier to get hair when it's a box off the street, it really is.
rosita stotridge: Um, so when I couldn't find this a box and I would do the heroin and I was referring the hair one over the Suboxone because it the hair one, just a little bit lasted so much longer than what the money. I had to get the Suboxone with
Dr Jameson: So financially. I mean, it's
Dr Jameson: You can, yes. Avoid withdrawal longer with okay with her when I say, okay, so look, I'm
Dr Jameson: How long were you with this other clinic.
Dr Jameson: Okay, there's when I first went man I was pregnant with my little girl and Alex on subjects, man. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Um,
Okay.
Dr Jameson: I'm just looking you up in our, you know, we will we're required to look, everybody up in the drug monitoring it doesn't seem like you were
Dr Jameson: On Suboxone except after mid February this past year and then before that.
Dr Jameson: I just see occasional Oxycodone and hydrocodone type things. Yeah, I had
rosita stotridge: She had asked me about going to the emergency room I have very bad teeth and that's the hydrocodone oxy codeine, you say they
rosita stotridge: Were eight of them for to say
Dr Jameson: Yeah but but you are still taking Suboxone at that time.
Dr Jameson: Okay. All right. So, okay, is it the same clinic you've gone back in and out of or different clinics, the same clinic. Okay.
rosita stotridge: I was in the 2018 and then I think I was in with the clinic until a little middle of
Dr Jameson: Okay, and I had
rosita stotridge: Dropped out, and then I started back in 2020. Okay. Okay.
Dr Jameson: And when you dropped out. Did you relapse. At that point, or
rosita stotridge: I was going through some personal issues with my sister and my children and I went down. Yeah, just just went down the wrong.
Dr Jameson: Path. So what made you decide again in February to cuz my oldest daughter is 11am I am ready to I want to be 100% committed to this and
Dr Jameson: I want to get my ain't got my children right now. My sister has my kids and my kids, I'm a mother. That's, that's who I am.
Dr Jameson: And they need their mom. Yeah, and I miss my kids every single day and
rosita stotridge: Maybe in an addict out chasing. I can't be a mother or a human being, I'm a human being, but I can't be 100% myself because I'm worried about the withdrawals are worried about going and Jason and I'd rather stead of going out chasing. I'd rather take my kids to a park or
Dr Jameson: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Um, are there any legal issues at the moment, or have you had in past
rosita stotridge: Right now, you know, once I get stable enough on the map, you know, again we go back in and sound for a new petition and try to fight for it.
Dr Jameson: I see, okay, but you're not on parole or probation or any
Dr Jameson: Okay, and you have a license driver's license license.
Dr Jameson: That's because of drug use or you just never had one.
rosita stotridge: I got caught draw them with twice driving without a license and I had fun I had to pay and I used to live up in my ex husband was in the military in Norfolk, Virginia.
rosita stotridge: And I had a farm up there that I had to pay and pay the farm back in. I want to say 2019 or 18 and everything's paid off. I just got to go do my reinstatement fee here in Tennessee and I say,
Dr Jameson: Okay, I'm okay.
Dr Jameson: And then I saw, I guess, well how much school did you get through.
rosita stotridge: my junior year of high school.
Dr Jameson: And then
Dr Jameson: Have you, I mean, assuming you're not working right now without a car that would probably be hard.
Dr Jameson: But any any work in the past, what kind of work have you done I'm done housekeeping. I've done, get a cashier at a gas station.
Gym at a bait on base that I was a greeter and
That's pretty much it. Okay. Yes.
Dr Jameson: In the past, okay.
Dr Jameson: Do you have any sort of ideas of what you would like to get back. I know right now is kind of weird with this virus.
Dr Jameson: So aside from that, any, any thoughts of what you might once I got
rosita stotridge: Stable and got my legal issues right with my children. I would like to pursue my school. Yes, yes.
Dr Jameson: You don't have a GED yet. Okay. Yeah, I think that's, I think that's a great idea and just open so many more options just it really would. Okay, so are you on disability or just
Dr Jameson: Simply okay and who do you live with.
Dr Jameson: Right now stay with my mother often on. Okay.
Dr Jameson: So she's supporting you kind of her yes we had a
rosita stotridge: rocky relationship. A couple years ago because of the drug habit, but she was very hard to get her to understand about Suboxone
Dr Jameson: He was thinking, pretty much. I was trading one drug for another. And it was just very hard to get her on the same page with it, but actually done some research on it, and she's getting she's okay with it. Okay. Well, it's certainly better than hair when I mean yes
Dr Jameson: Yeah, I'm so sorry. How many kids you have for. Oh, wow. So there I think you said 11. Did I hear, I got a 10 year
rosita stotridge: Old a four year old a two year old and a five year old.
Okay.
rosita stotridge: Wow, that's a hand three girls and my five year olds. The boy. He's stuck with three sisters
Dr Jameson: So your sister has custody at the moment. Yes.
Dr Jameson: She let you see manner. Um, it's
rosita stotridge: I have visitations through the court, which ain't much is all it's four hours a month and my sister is she, she she lets me see him, besides the four hours a month at my mom, my mom's around
rosita stotridge: So yeah, I guess you could say she lets me see him. I wish it was more, but you won't let me video call or anything like that because she says it gets upset because they start Miss they miss me and they, you know, they want mom let me video call with them.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, everything has to be on her schedule her way.
rosita stotridge: And it's difficult. Yeah. You can't really imagine. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so any other besides I know we'll get to it back to the the opiates and heroin and somebody any other drug drugs that have been
Dr Jameson: Problem or that you still use from time to time I have done some methamphetamine.
rosita stotridge: It's because I couldn't find a Suboxone or heroin. Yeah. The it don't help with the actual physical withdrawals, but it. I don't know. I guess it just messes with your mind. If you don't focus on it, don't care so much. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Alright so that you're using that from time to time. Now, yes, I told the lady that I done my
Orientation with that.
Dr Jameson: I told her, I said no. When I go to my first drug screen. I said, I will fail because I have smoked a little bit of marijuana
Marijuana and methamphetamines
Box into my system.
Dr Jameson: You do or don't. Sorry.
rosita stotridge: I will have Suboxone
Dr Jameson: Or methadone or methadone. I'm sorry, Miss inside of me and Suboxone and marijuana. Okay. Um, I called him and I didn't get an answer. I had left a message for them to call me back because I was going to go do my drug test this morning. So, okay, because if
Dr Jameson: I say with this pandemic going on with a
rosita stotridge: Virus, it's
Dr Jameson: Yeah, it's kind of weird.
Dr Jameson: Not, not business as usual, that's for sure. Just to let you know. I know that a lot of programs are kind of like punitive like that. If you're, if you have a drug test. That's not what we're wanting to see get kicked out. But we're not, we don't really take that approach. I think
Dr Jameson: If you look at studies of of recovery. It's usually well I guess depends which way you're going, but it's usually like this, right, it doesn't, it's not like people just flip a switch and then completely stopped. So it's very hard.
Dr Jameson: Yes understatement of the century. Yes. So we kind of take more of a realistic approach, meaning
Dr Jameson: I mean,
Dr Jameson: We hope not to see other other things and they are missing you know
Dr Jameson: But it's more from for I'm not just me. I mean I our sort of philosophy is really more about
Dr Jameson: Being open and honest and taking taking ownership of what's happening and looking at why this may be and what's happening and what's the problem. And what are we doing to try to find other ways of dealing with with our situation, then using something so
Dr Jameson: It's more important that your which you seem to be so i'm not saying it. The, the honesty and being open is very appreciated, and that's really kind of the
Dr Jameson: Basis of this sort of working with my counselor and my doctor. I'm not going to get an award. Well, right. It's only that gets heard at the end. Right, so
Dr Jameson: But a lot of people are afraid to say what's really going on because they're afraid they're going to get kicked out. So I think it just like to make sure that's clear from the beginning.
Dr Jameson: The one thing I think that will get you in trouble is if you're not testing positive for Suboxone as time goes on, because then we have to worry that your medicine has grown grown and walked off right so
Dr Jameson: That's our responsibility to try to
Dr Jameson: Confirm that our patients are actually taking the medicine and not
Dr Jameson: Letting something else happened to it. So, um, that's I think probably the biggest potentially problematic thing on the drug screen side of things. So, um,
Dr Jameson: So yeah, so as far as especially the initial I mean it is, whatever it is, it is. And that's okay. We just, you know, meet a baseline somewhere and then
Dr Jameson: Going forward we expect to see Suboxone we very much hope, not to say anything else but if there's something else there. We're just going to want to talk to you about it and
Dr Jameson: Yeah, see what our plan is alter our plan if we need to.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so let me just back up a little bit further. Well, a couple other questions here. Do you smoke cigarettes. Yes, I want a half a pack a day I'm
rosita stotridge: Days that I'm withdrawing probably about a pack and maybe a
Half a pack.
rosita stotridge: It's like when I'm withdrawal and if I smoke it just the length of time that I'm smoking a cigarette. It kind of lets work one of us I trying to say.
rosita stotridge: receptors have something that makes you feel it makes me feel a little bit better than but as soon as the cigarettes gone the with your
Dr Jameson: dance again and I'm okay. And how about alcohol. I don't drink. I don't have apartments alcohol. I drink on occasions like weddings or things like that. But no, I don't know. And then I think you mentioned a has been are you divorced or
Separated separated
Dr Jameson: And is he still in the military, you know, he contracts for the Navy now. Okay.
Dr Jameson: And is he in the senior buyer. Now he lives in Norfolk, Virginia, still we talk occasionally. I mean, we have a decent relationship. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: But it is he a recovery or knows
He drinks. He has he's drunk. A lot of his family actually drink so hot, too, but, uh huh. I saw more of an increase when he joined the Navy on drinking
Dr Jameson: I guess I'm just curious why your kids or with your sister, not with him.
Um,
rosita stotridge: Well, my oldest belongs to him, but my three
Youngest. I see. Okay.
So, and when
rosita stotridge: He's a good guy, but he ain't a good guy. And when I decided to leave him and come back to Tennessee. He pretty much just stop having a relationship with money and his daughter pages up Connor having anything really to do with her.
rosita stotridge: My three youngest they're dead. He has stepped up really good own responsibility with
rosita stotridge: You don't make her feel left out any you know he's
Dr Jameson: Okay, so, and are you in. What's the status of that relationship now.
rosita stotridge: Mediums trying to work, man. The kid three youngest his father's trying to work things out of a trial, I'd like to pursue things with him. Okay.
Dr Jameson: And so he lives nearby. Yes. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Okay. Is he in recovery or what's his you know he he don't do neither neither is not an addict. Okay.
Dr Jameson: So you're you're
Dr Jameson: on speaking terms, we're not really. Not really in a relationship, right. The second is that what you're saying.
Yeah, okay.
Okay.
Dr Jameson: It's hoping to rekindle relations. So the drugs have had had a part of that. Yes, yes, he
rosita stotridge: He understands. He, he's very understandable with me on it to a point, but then to a pony. You know, you don't understand where I'm coming from. As an addict. Yeah. Like I said, I want to have a stable.
rosita stotridge: Law. I don't want to be going through withdrawals and he just wish that I could just stop.
Dr Jameson: Yeah. Yeah. Well, I mean, I think I'm not even gonna say I fully understand if I'm being really
Dr Jameson: You know, completely honest, because I i've never been there. I've never, I mean, I see, I see what people are describing, but I don't know that I can truly understand, you know, in your own mind and yeah
Dr Jameson: But also wanted someone who you care for and you're trying to depend on and you know it's pretty hard to be in a relationship with someone who's got this other priority. Yes. And that makes you in
Dr Jameson: Unavailable, you know, for one way in one form or another. Either you're not home because look in or you're out of commission so
Dr Jameson: Want to spend time and yeah
rosita stotridge: We have a date. And that, to me, makes you downtown to the day or going to be missing. I would go out and meet a friend and I will try to tell him what I have to get my medicine. Before I am enjoying myself with you and
Dr Jameson: But you can see i mean i think
Dr Jameson: I mean, I always when there's this Court, I always try to put myself in the other person's shoes for even just a minute to like think okay what is why, why are they saying what they're saying or what. What, or where is it, where are they coming from just to kind of
Dr Jameson: Give them a check, you know, fair
Dr Jameson: fair shake you know and i guess i feel i you know there's not a lot of. In fact, I think sometimes people are considered enablers if they continue to tolerate. You know what I mean. And sometimes
Dr Jameson: Sometimes it's really better that they say no and make you kind of get your
Dr Jameson: Hand poor still a little bit right to get your get your stuff together and and on the same on the other side. I think you being able to just work on you and focus stay in your own lane here for a little bit of time and kind of get yourself. Get your mind a little bit
Dr Jameson: As we say in our gym or getting ready for a workout. Get your mind. Right. You know, you know, just kind of not have other distractions and really do what's best for you. First and foremost, anyway, so it's good that it sounds like there's still a an open window, maybe for now. Right.
Dr Jameson: So that's that's occurred. I mean I that's encouraging. I think a lot of people don't they just it it's hurt. It hurts them. Do you know what I mean, to feel like their second it'll all the time and not everyone can
Dr Jameson: Can even even keep the idea, possibly, you know, it's like
Dr Jameson: They're gone. You know, so you did pretty pretty strong over at all. He really yeah yeah well that's and that's good that you appreciate and recognize that. And yeah, I think.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, so that's good. Anyway, so I sorry I was just kind of trying to put you put all the pieces together like
Dr Jameson: Okay.
Dr Jameson: But do you are you allergic to any medication initial one
Dr Jameson: And you know what happened when he took that and I favor in house.
Dr Jameson: And then dude I prescribed any medication, besides the box. Oh, yeah.
Dr Jameson: So no other medical conditions or or
Dr Jameson: About any operations. I've had three areas section. Okay.
Dr Jameson: I'm sorry I had a hernia repair. Okay.
Dr Jameson: That's fine.
Dr Jameson: A lot of times, stuff like that. You forget
Dr Jameson: I've even had people, you know, ask these questions and then
Dr Jameson: I don't know, there's no no no medical history, you know, medical problems and then something comes up like 20 minutes later in the conversation about while they were on chemo or something and you're like, oh, except for that time I had cancer it, forget about that too, sometimes. So anyway,
Dr Jameson: I always figure well geez if it's that much of a distant
Dr Jameson: Memory, then we are good because
Dr Jameson: Um, was it in your belly button or was a hernia. Yeah. OK.
Dr Jameson: OK, and then how about family members like parents, siblings, anybody else that's struggled with.
Dr Jameson: mental health, substance abuse, alcohol, master, one of my stepsisters and substance abuse and on your mom or dad side.
rosita stotridge: It's my step dad so my mom's married to not my bicycle dad, she's married to another man, that was great that was three months old, but he had three other daughters.
The youngest daughter on his side was
She's actually in a Suboxone clinic Gretna okay yeah cuz
Dr Jameson: So you guys grew up together or was she older than you older than me. But we grew up together. Okay.
Dr Jameson: So you are in the same
Dr Jameson: How about your stepdad himself no never drug problem. Okay.
Dr Jameson: And then do you know anything about your, your biological father. Yes. Now, me and him. I really got a good relationship, but he had had substance abuse.
Dr Jameson: Opiates or other things to opiates and cocaine.
Okay.
Dr Jameson: How about your mom. My mom. That's one reason why her in my article dad had split it back by several years ago.
He just couldn't handle it no more, he would come home high on just be a donor and
She, she was strong those at least you can, you know, there's some women that stay there and put up with it and she got me my sister out and made a lot
Dr Jameson: Of her and she's in good health.
And you stay with her. You just said that. Okay.
Dr Jameson: All right.
Dr Jameson: Okay. So you tell me how this were, how did this all come to be
Dr Jameson: With it. Well, I mean, did it start with pills or did you what like what, what is the first starting on marijuana
Marijuana and then
Dr Jameson: In high school, how old are you, I was in high school as a freshman.
rosita stotridge: Really the fella down into my junior year and then my junior year I started doing a little bit of cocaine here and there.
rosita stotridge: And I was, I was a good girl. I was varsity cheerleading team. I'm just started hanging out with the wrong crowd and I went down the wrong path with
rosita stotridge: The wrong people, and started doing the cocaine and dropped out of school and then I got introduced to oxy cotton on faith and started doing those really bad and from the OC us. I went to heroin.
Dr Jameson: And when, when did. How long ago did you transition from the OCD. I was on I was for us back in
Little girl was born. My oldest was born and
So the last time I had done an OC with about 2006 2007
I was clean for about a year, with almost a year. And when I had my first child, and then I ended up how I even got convicted was a physical therapy.
I had
To call the sad sciatic nerve.
Dr Jameson: Had messed up and they sent me to physical therapy and the physical therapist or feeding me percocet 7.5 and the physical therapist. Yeah. Yes. Given me prescriptions for example.
rosita stotridge: My mom had the same reaction as you and
Dr Jameson: Well, they're not supposed to prescribe medicine. So that's why I'm confused. He prescribing medicine. This is in Norfolk, Virginia.
Dr Jameson: And I started taking them percocet 7.5 and like you wrote you the prescription and send to the pharmacy, are you, he gave you the pills. No, he gave me a prescription. Well, he must have had some kind of
Dr Jameson: Other maybe he was a PA or might have been a nurse practitioner or something. Anyway. OK. OK. So anyway, you ended up with prescription for Percocet and that was what did you say 2007 no that was
A little girl is born January 2000
And
2010 about
March or April of 2000
Somewhere around there surgeons Percocet and I started feel and taste of it again and I went in there about heroin and I've done heroin ever since. And then I hit. Well, I got introduced to methadone.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so, sorry, sorry. Did you do her when before you had your baby to know. Okay, so only after. So then the Percocet and then that led to that lead to heroin and that was sorry. How long after you started the Percocet, did you end up on heroin, um,
I would say at least six, seven months. Okay. And then I tried to hear one I was doing morphine, also in between, with the heroin.
rosita stotridge: And I had got I just got fed up with it. I was carrying a lot of my shoulders on laws and had in it. And at this time I was married
rosita stotridge: And I had he had no idea about my I was, I kept it very well. He had and he had no idea. And like I said, I felt like I had a brick building carrying on my shoulders every day.
I finally just come out one night and told him the truth and Tony money to to get some in some country meant something to help
rosita stotridge: I got introduced to message them and I was in the Methadone clinic for about 34 years and it worked. It helped really well. The methadone. Good.
rosita stotridge: But I ended up moving from Virginia to more folk there, my separation with my husband and my son financial needs that will back a little bit, so it will pay for the methadone and I was by methadone off of the street for about seven, eight months. This is back in 2014
And
After I had my son because he was he was a message on baby after I had him. That's when
I ended up getting on the Suboxone
Dr Jameson: Or you prescribe the Methadone during your pregnancy or you're just buying it described. I was
OK.
Dr Jameson: And then after
Okay.
Dr Jameson: Well, anyway, so you're often on methadone. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Watson four to five years ago it was. Yeah. Did you ever do any inpatient like we have things now.
I've had, I had custody of my children at this time.
Dr Jameson: My sister. She don't agree on Suboxone or methadone anything. She's totally against it on every way in the world to the heroin. She's a heroin fan.
Dr Jameson: Okay.
I guess you just expect
rosita stotridge: That I just quit, uh, you know, it was just, I'm going to quit and me in a room for about two weeks and know now.
Dr Jameson: How about six months, but okay yeah your philosophy and yeah
rosita stotridge: So I was so scared to actually try to go to the facility.
rosita stotridge: To a facility, she would try to prove me as an unfit mother and go that way and but it ended up happening anyway she found out that I had gotten to the Suboxone program.
Listener
rosita stotridge: And she just she got mad. She got really mad sad. That's all I was doing which which one drug for another drug and just did not she does not understand that attics
Dr Jameson: Yeah, but how did the judge agreed with her. But just because you were in treatment, you shouldn't be with your kids. Yes, they, they, she went
rosita stotridge: I didn't even know my kid. She lived in Nashville, at the time I didn't even know my kids. My kids was at
rosita stotridge: My mom's house and my step mom that she went over to the courthouse and got an emergency petitions and when they let her have emergency petition and got my children CPS or nothing ever come to my home.
Dr Jameson: They took my kid. I mean, I had to coordinate. That was it. They took them to my kids from
rosita stotridge: The judge, her, her name's a judge Simmons Amanda Simmons and she she's already she's got in trouble before because she just see like taking she takes kids. You go into that even kids that in
rosita stotridge: Haskell that get in trouble like going in and being in her courtroom here in cases they've been kids that really to just get, you know, a little smack on the hand or something.
smack on the hand, but she would just rip these kids completely out of the home. I mean for me as a mom.
rosita stotridge: Not having two or three doctors excuses. So she's, she's really against judge limits there. She's really get that. Like I said, I was in my I was in Suboxone clinic I had all my drug screens that is Tom
rosita stotridge: Where I had custody of my kids and I was in flux and clinic. I was not doing nothing else. Yeah, I had on a drug screens and everything FX tour and still she ripped away from me.
Dr Jameson: So are you petitioning, I guess, not yet. But the plan is to petition to get them back. Yes.
Dr Jameson: Or no judge to I don't even know. Well, I mean, it seems like
Dr Jameson: I mean, that seems discriminatory to me and I agree with taking kids away from an active addict like
Dr Jameson: I can't properly care for their children or their and putting them in danger, or sometimes driving around and I will tell my mom, you know, we, because we live in a rural area and
Dr Jameson: You know, stuff like that around. Everybody knows everything. And yeah, everything and you just see these mothers with these
rosita stotridge: Kids no shoes and know little bargain or nothing on at the wind blows, and here they are in a hoodie and walking across the Walmart parking lot and their kids. I got no shoes socks. Nothing on and like
rosita stotridge: How much it's never went like that. My kids food. I mean clothes clean never nothing. I never took them to drug houses. Well, nothing like that. And she wrote them my way from me. Wow.
Dr Jameson: Wow. Well, yes. I mean, it seems like the, I think part of the problem is probably that to get a really good lawyer you need a lot of money and then
When I do fall for the new petition. I'm going to fall for a new judge because she is. She's against the Suboxone or methadone to
rosita stotridge: Impure of other cases and other counties that mothers that someone you know the addict. They try to get them into a clinic tricky.
Dr Jameson: I mean, I was just gonna say that we have, we have patients referred to us by the drug courts in Ohio. Like, it's, it's the way that people get their kids back is to be in treatment programs usually
rosita stotridge: I'm, I'm very 100%
emotionally ready for this.
Dr Jameson: Right track in my kids. I wonder if there's any like advocate type Oregon. I know some of my other patients have talked about that. There's advocate organizations, it seems like this might be a at me. So you got to get yourself. We got to get you squared away, but it seems like that's
Dr Jameson: Like this judge needs to be educated about how the medication works and how the brain. What chemistry wiring changes and the you don't just turn that off.
rosita stotridge: Yes. And at this point, like I said, I'm an adult. If you have bread on it. But when I'm done orientation went to Lady at Twitter, you know,
rosita stotridge: A year, two years from now, I want to be completely off Suboxone I'm going to be completely. I would love to be drug free off everything and
rosita stotridge: When I went to court over my kids I was actually in the process of doing that. I was
rosita stotridge: Four milligram of methadone, a day.
To a day.
Effects her all the paperwork, you know, everything is the doctor, what am I can make come down. This is me. The judge what you know.
Dr Jameson: Myself as an addict, saying, Okay, I'm ready to take this step and still didn't see that as a positive outcome or she, she was just totally against it. The shame. And I think that that's
Dr Jameson: A great long term goal. I think my opinion and my kind of observations of doing this for some time, not I don't have years and years of experience, but
Dr Jameson: I think part of this you know the the medication certainly satisfies the receptors in your brain that make you feel sick when you haven't used recently.
Dr Jameson: But the other big piece to this whole project is figuring out where you're
Dr Jameson: Where you can use some help learning different coping mechanisms finding other ways of managing discomfort, whether it's this kind of discomfort or anxiety discomfort or anger or, you know, those kinds of
Dr Jameson: Accounts one out of that thing.
rosita stotridge: You had a 30 minute rule. And it worked. Very good. I still try to use it.
rosita stotridge: When
rosita stotridge: When you start having a craving or your mind starts going somewhere else at least 30 minutes. Get a coloring book you know wall. Do you do some exercises. It's because she is like a proven fact for if you can get your mind off of it, at least for 30 minutes
Mm hmm.
Dr Jameson: Yep, there's a ton of different techniques, so that's that's distraction. And then I think dealing with any unresolved.
Dr Jameson: You know hurts from from years past, and we've just just finished some groups. Today we have a new counselor who does
Dr Jameson: I don't know if you've heard of em, Dr. But many, many of our patients are sort of suffering with the residual effects of trauma of trauma one sort or another.
Dr Jameson: And kind of releasing that burden and and sort of rewiring your, your brain pathways in a way that those memories, no longer triggered the same sort of
Dr Jameson: emotional response and just kind of let you heal from from different kinds of wounds that have built up a lot of times we spend most of our energy trying to not feel things that we don't want to feel and I think
Dr Jameson: We, it's not a very realistic.
Dr Jameson: Plan to think that we any of us can sail through life and not deal with not
Dr Jameson: be faced with various sorts of pains, whether it's physical or emotional or whatever. And if we don't have a way of
Dr Jameson: Kind of like taking that in and feeling it, and then letting it go if we're always trying to duck it or get around it, or under, you know, like, get away from it, then
Dr Jameson: You kind of end up back where you started. If you're only solution is to not feel it, you kind of end up looking for something to make it go away. So I think that's the biggest honestly I think that's the biggest challenge that we face is in general as a
Dr Jameson: Community is is is being able to do that because it's scary. And it's uncomfortable and, you know, if you've spent a whole you know lifetime.
Dr Jameson: Marketing. You don't believe that you can handle it. Sometimes, so we you know we trying to like build confidence.
Dr Jameson: Look, as a matter of fact, you can and you do, and you have and you can, again, you know, there's a lot of that kind of, you know, thinking and work. So anyway, um,
Dr Jameson: So if if trauma is is a is a factor in your life you don't want. I'm not asking you to spill it all right to me. Right. The second, but we do have a counselor, we have this available.
Dr Jameson: Which is really, really exciting. Actually, I don't know if you're familiar with anyway. You don't have to put on that.
rosita stotridge: As my program. I was in before had a counselor and I'll, I'll use that resource a lot
Dr Jameson: Yeah, yeah. So, um, I, I don't think that the program officially requires people to do more than at least a single visit with a counselor, but I sort of
Dr Jameson: Kind of do require that until the counselor tells you and me that okay she's good. Not much else to talk about. I think, I think that should be, kind of, I almost think that's the more important part than just basically
Dr Jameson: Emotions in the mental well because there's usually there's there's always multiple reasons why people find themselves drawn right so lots of kids smoke pot or take drugs and copy in high school, but not all of them end up you know
Dr Jameson: Completely engulfed and some of that can be some of it is is genetic. I mean, some of it is the way your chemistry is but
Dr Jameson: Usually there still are other factors like why you thought it was a good idea to hang around with the wrong crowd like what was, you know, I'm, you know, not ask you to answer these questions to me now, but
Dr Jameson: Like, what was that about, like, what were you, what were you why. Why did that happen. And then when you started realizing it was a problem, you know. Anyway, just
Dr Jameson: A lot of times there's either anxiety or there's low self esteem or there's
Dr Jameson: No. Yes. And if we don't deal with that. That's not going to just go itself. So, um, so anyway, so that's kind of my philosophy about the whole thing.
Dr Jameson: And if we're able to taper you off Sunday then yea, if we're not. I think you're still better off than where you have been yes you know we say it all the time. If you had diabetes. Nobody would blame you if you had to take insulin, the rest of your life.
rosita stotridge: Yeah, and explain it that way to my sister before. And she said, well, people that has diabetes. It's not a choice to them. She said it was a
Dr Jameson: It's a choice when people eat crappy food for 30 years and gain weight. Absolutely it is. Nobody, the kind that you get when you're a kid. Sure.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, but, but what if, how do we know if you don't have a genetic abnormality in your brain that makes you you know i'm not i'm not trying to give you a pass. I'm just saying we don't know what we don't know, and there's not a lot of benefit and blaming
Dr Jameson: blaming the victim and, you know, I've told her many times I've said it.
At
rosita stotridge: 910 years ago and I kind of said woke up in rooms like okay I choose to be an addict not, that's not how it worked. I said, Yes, I did make bad choices to lead down the road that I'm at right now. I said, but it's how the world has she put it, it's not that way at all.
Dr Jameson: Well, I think.
Dr Jameson: It's very
Dr Jameson: Well, you haven't been there yourself. I think most people don't love. We started out saying that you just don't really understand and even
Dr Jameson: Like alcoholics right so that's probably a much more sort of familiar form of addiction. But we don't. We know most of us know you go through withdrawal for a week or something, you get some shakes, you feel, you know, and then you're done.
Dr Jameson: opiate withdrawal is legitimately months and there's depression that happens and it
Dr Jameson: comes and goes. And I've had patients tell me they got sent to jail and didn't have any treatment, it was six months where they could sleep through the night or, you know,
Dr Jameson: It wasn't all like the worst of it in the first couple weeks. It's the worst with, you know, physical stuff, but it doesn't just
Dr Jameson: It takes forever takes forever. And that's just more than it's reasonable to expect people to be able to. And again, we're talking about a group of people that in general don't have as many advanced coping skills as other people might and
Dr Jameson: So then you're asking them to to tolerate all this misery when they're not really as equipped mentally kind of psychologically for that so
Dr Jameson: Anyway,
Dr Jameson: Okay, so as far as the structure of our program goes. Um, did they explain to you about the weekly groups and
rosita stotridge: You know she she told me that I have to do a weekly group that she didn't. They didn't really go into detail about
Dr Jameson: Okay, so, so we have this initial meeting. We talked about if the medication seems like it's appropriate for you. I haven't really like answered, you know, medical questions about how it works and all that stuff. But, and we have to decide on your dose, but
Dr Jameson: Going forward you have an initial evaluation with a therapist, and then they determine at that point what the recommendation is for every two weeks, every week, every day.
Dr Jameson: Meeting with the counselor.
Dr Jameson: And then going forward from today. Generally, I see patients for refills, but in the context of these groups. So it's a counselor and me and then up usually try to infer eight to 10 patients maximum
Dr Jameson: That we meet weekly and it's mostly the counselor running the meeting and talking about some sort of topic related to recovery or, I don't know, we talked about variety of different things.
Dr Jameson: But at the same time I'm checking in with who needs refills and making sure drug screens are up to date and that kind of stuff. So
Dr Jameson: My Tennessee group. I only have one right now because we just, we just started seeing patients in Tennessee pretty recently.
Dr Jameson: Have. What are you central or Eastern
Dr Jameson: Okay, so it's 230
rosita stotridge: I'm, I'm an East Tennessee. I mean,
Dr Jameson: What, what time is it for you right there. It's 335, I think. Okay, so you're the same as me. Yeah, so that your time zone. So I'm sure a half or
Dr Jameson: So before I tell you the time I'm Eastern also. So it's at noon on Wednesdays. So that'd be tomorrow. So yeah, so we meet every week we start out with a week supply of medicine and then each you know as time goes on and we established that
Dr Jameson: People are showing up and making their appointments and doing their drug screens and, you know, kind of
Dr Jameson: pulling their weight, so to speak, then we'll eventually go to two weeks at a time for the prescription. I still prefer people come to group every week indefinitely, but
Dr Jameson: But we didn't have you do fewer trips to the pharmacy anyway and then eventually usually do every two months or so, as things are continuing to
Dr Jameson: Become smooth and, you know, sort of routine. Then we'll eventually you get them a month supply at a time for the medication.
Dr Jameson: So we have initial labs, which
Dr Jameson: We already talked, but we yes you're waiting for the call back so you do the blood work and urine. The first time and then after that.
Dr Jameson: We do a monthly drug screen urine usually
Dr Jameson: I guess they have saliva tests, but I've yet to see
Dr Jameson: Those are very few and far between, I think, but you never know could be randomly a your saliva test one month we mail a package to the patients with which contains one or the other of these
Dr Jameson: Tests kits. So you can do that at home, too. We just ask that you, you don't need to do that for a month, at least, but
Dr Jameson: You're supposed to leave the package closed and then sign into virtual care and then virtual clinic and then they
Dr Jameson: Take it from there. So that's how that will work down the road. So pretty convenient.
Dr Jameson: So that's kind of the general structure format, whatever.
Dr Jameson: The groups are just like this and zoom except they'll be more more little squares on your on your device.
Dr Jameson: We asked people to have headphones of some sort, your butts or whatever because that's where privacy of other patients that whatever we're saying, Isn't we don't know who, who else is behind your, your, your camera there.
Dr Jameson: And then we asked you not to know smoking in group, either because some people are in the process of or have recently quit. So we try not to trigger them and then
Dr Jameson: That's big. That's really mainly it this this is perfectly fine. What you're in quite a relatively quiet place if possible and as undistracted as possible. Ideally,
Dr Jameson: The way it looks so well that time be okay for you, at least for now. Yeah, you said 12 o'clock. Right. Yes. Yes. So what we ask is that
Dr Jameson: The checking in can get backed up with, you know, seven or eight people checking in, for the same time. So we asked you to start
Dr Jameson: Checking and no less than half an hour before it's supposed to start. So meaning 1130 or sooner. That way, if you have to wait on hold for 15 minutes you're not late to group by the time that that makes sense. So
Dr Jameson: You can even do it earlier, if you want. It's just that the the ID code for the meeting changes every week. So you need to be
Dr Jameson: In, you have to. You do have to go through the virtual clinic to get the right number and they're just checking. Like if somebody is overdue for a drug screen or needs an appointment with somebody or
Dr Jameson: Both if you have to pay a copay. I mean, whatever it is, like, the usual things that you do to check in for an appointment so
Dr Jameson: So that's how that works. So okay, so you were doing, sorry, did you say tablets or films. What did you say
Dr Jameson: Tablets. Tablets, have you do you like. Is that okay, do you mind, though the, I mean you have a preference. I like the tablet more than that. Yeah, okay. Everyone's different. So I didn't make any difference to me so
Dr Jameson: Then the question is the Joe thing.
Dr Jameson: I'm
Dr Jameson: So certainly want a day is a very low dose. I think that's probably
Dr Jameson: Silly
Dr Jameson: I mean, generally, the average doses to a day. Sometimes we have to start a little higher than that and then sort of once things kind of as things are resetting and getting stabilized, you know, try to get down to
Dr Jameson: It. I mean, there are different philosophies about that. I don't feel super strongly I prefer people to be around to a day, if we can, two and a half.
Dr Jameson: But you know if if you if you still feel sick, then I think the whole point of this is to make you not be tempted to physically anyway, not have cravings and
Dr Jameson: You know, more likely to slip so
Dr Jameson: Did you did you
Dr Jameson: Select a pharmacy already. Yes. Okay. I've already given them the information on that. And I've already called My pharmacy because. Do I need a PA don't have to have a PA approved that depends on here insurance. All right. She um
rosita stotridge: The pharmacist told me, as long as it's the same the tablet and it's
Dr Jameson: You know, the same medicine. Yeah. The only thing is that if we change the directions that and I'll I mean
Dr Jameson: I'm not a fan of insurance companies because their entire
Dr Jameson: modus you know like their Mo is to pay for as little as possible and collect as much premium as possible so
Dr Jameson: Often like they'll tiniest little thing even a different doctor sometimes, but certainly a different instruction on the thing often triggers a whole brand new fire off. So now if I had to have a PA
rosita stotridge: Who do I get in contact
Dr Jameson: Well, so the pharmacy will send that to us and we have someone we have staff that that complete those
Dr Jameson: Primarily, the one that I see working on those is woman named
Dr Jameson: Danielle. Sorry.
Dr Jameson: And usually, she's able to turn that get them turned around pretty quickly. But every so often there's a cluster of them, and it can be slower.
Dr Jameson: But generally, we're able to get those done pretty quickly. Okay. Um, it don't even have to be changed, but there's always, I hope not. I mean, you can also
Dr Jameson: I'm
Dr Jameson: Sorry. Someone sent me a message and I don't know where it went. They asked me if I could see a patient and
Dr Jameson: Don't know what's going on. But anyway, okay. I lost it. Um,
Dr Jameson: I mean, it's been known to happen. I don't know what your resources are today, but sometimes people will
Dr Jameson: Ask you know. Well, let me just by the first day, it's worth myself while we're trying to get the PA sorted out, just so that you don't have to wait with nothing right if that's if that's the case, I will. Yeah, so, um,
Dr Jameson: How I guess.
Dr Jameson: Well, I guess we'll start with two and a half a day, unless you think the two is going to be said you've done
Dr Jameson: If we could start with a two and a half and go from there. Okay. I mean, also just what I was going to what I was thinking about was depending on how
Dr Jameson: Consistently or able to get Suboxone off the street, you know if it was kind of hit or miss some of that with you know it's sometimes hard to tell if if you know if you're not able to take it every day. Anyway, what the right dose is because it's kind of never stable.
Dr Jameson: So okay, so
Dr Jameson: Tomorrow, your group would be tomorrow. So instead of me just sending one day worth and then
Dr Jameson: I'll, I'll do two days and then know what let's say I'll do eight days and then that'll line us up with next Tuesday, so that hopefully we can keep you on a sort of regular schedule.
Dr Jameson: FDA. So the other thing that sometimes happens
Dr Jameson: Is because of the way that our
Dr Jameson: Company is where we're all working remotely.
Dr Jameson: I happen to have licenses in multiple states. So the special code that I need that we need that you need to write a prescription for this medication is affiliated with.
Dr Jameson: A California D number which is what's printed on the prescription. However, I have a DEA number also in Tennessee. It's a separate number
Dr Jameson: Everything's kosher is not. It's just that sometimes the pharmacy systems get or the pharmacists get like very disturbed by this because they freak out about I had told him that you is out of California.
Dr Jameson: I think, is that where you're at, well, the company's headquarters is in California. That's not where I live, but yes. But yes, that's what its gonna say it's California. Well, I told him, I said, I think.
rosita stotridge: The address and do believe agenda California acid, but she's allowed to practice in Tennessee at because I had SM RJ
Dr Jameson: I think what she told me you could do, Tennessee, West Virginia. Oh, I have. Yeah. So I worked
Dr Jameson: Worked before I worked here. I worked for a different company called doctor on demand. But anyway, it's an online thing and I had when I worked for them. They got me licensed in like 15 states. So I have a lot to make sure to ask me, make sure
rosita stotridge: That you went to PA you is actually
Dr Jameson: No, I'm an MD. Yep. Yep. So, some states have different regulations. Now everything's a little bit funky right now because of the whole coronavirus thing. So there's some regulations that used to exist that have been removed because because of crazy times so
rosita stotridge: When I told her that you was able to you, you had your lessons to practice in Tennessee. She didn't have no more issues.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, and I. So what I do is I I hand write my
Dr Jameson: My, my, Tennessee DEA number in with the instructions for the prescription. Because a lot of times that's that's part of what they, they still need to see that number. So I add that to the prescription. So that's in there and then. But yeah, sometimes they see that and then they see California
Dr Jameson: And they think it's some kind of big scam and they get all suspicious and part of it is based on
Dr Jameson: Whether or not that area is particularly
Dr Jameson: Mature about how how we're treating addiction these days.
Dr Jameson: Because just like that Judge unfortunately sometimes doctors pharmacists, you name it, are a little bit behind the times as far as like how this works best. So
Dr Jameson: Sometimes the pharmacists are not necessarily super
Dr Jameson: Agree pleasant about it's funny because they don't have it. I didn't have any trouble dispensing ginormous numbers of regular opiates to people for 15 years but now that you try to get yourself.
Dr Jameson: Into a better place they suddenly start looking down their nose at you. So yeah, doesn't make any sense to me. But anyway, insurance to it so
rosita stotridge: hard at first when I first started my insurance that covers the box and they wanted to cover it was called universal
Dr Jameson: Yeah, that's this is a generic yeah not
rosita stotridge: Work at all I had was on it for like two weeks, and it just popped in this out of my job. I didn't think
Dr Jameson: It's probably because it's cheaper. Yeah, they wanted that one so I usually step still send the prescription for the generic version, it's not
Dr Jameson: That one always. I mean, it's just buprenorphine naloxone so
Dr Jameson: Anyway. But yeah, so they're going to try to get whatever is cheapest, but I think they finally figured out that treating patients with something
Dr Jameson: Is actually cheaper than not treating them at all, because then they end up in the ER all the time and hospitalized with overdoses and heart valve injection infections and all sorts of other things. So they have become a little bit more
Dr Jameson: With the times I forgot to actually ask you, speaking of all that, how are you using a heroin.
rosita stotridge: I've never
Dr Jameson: Used ok ok ok so no needles. What's inhaling, okay. Um, and then I know you've been taking this. And so, and you were on methadone, too. So you probably have a pretty decent idea of how it all works. But I just want to make sure you if there are any questions about
Dr Jameson: How medication works what it's doing, you know, any, any questions about that I would be happy to try to answer and
Dr Jameson: So just to briefly summarize basically the it is a different opiate. So on one flip one if you looking at it, depending on how you're looking at it and you are, in a sense, replacing
Dr Jameson: In the receptor of your brain. The other opiate or the, the whole that's left by not taking opiates, which makes you feel sick, you are replacing that with either methadone or in this case Suboxone so that the Suboxone
Dr Jameson: enters your system and it goes into your same receptors that the other opiates would would be in, and then it sticks. They're like, super duper strong stronger than all these other opiates that
Dr Jameson: Your body has seen before. So if you take something else like for your tooth or whatever. And you've had Suboxone in your system, you won't notice much
Dr Jameson: Of anything compared to what you're used to, because the Suboxone kind of blocks.
Dr Jameson: Blocks the other opiates and it's the, it's the buprenorphine that's doing it not than the lock zone. A lot of people think it's been a lock zone. That's the blocker. And last one is a blocker.
Dr Jameson: But in this case, the buprenorphine is actually what's blocking the naloxone is in those pills or strips. Because if people try to do funny things with
Dr Jameson: With the pills like crush them and snort them or melt them and shoot them or something, then you get your know lock zone, along with it and that will
Dr Jameson: Obviously not go well if you're taking the medicine, the way it's time to be taken, where it's all under your or in your cheek or under your tongue, then the last one is not even absorbed by your body
Dr Jameson: So that's, yeah I know even a lot of a lot of doctors don't know that.
Dr Jameson: So it's really as is there for a deterrent to, you know, how they reformulate did they reformulate oxy content pills and different ones for what like have funny they open it. Yeah. So, which I guess wasn't necessarily fully
Dr Jameson: tamper proof, but it's the same concept. It's like trying to make a medication that can't be Miss used if it
Dr Jameson: If someone decides they want to try to do something it backfires basically so
Dr Jameson: So it's really the buprenorphine itself, which is why people take Sunday text. Sometimes, which is just playing buprenorphine and
Dr Jameson: It's still it's still works. The problem with that is, which you may well know is that, then the sub you text can be
Dr Jameson: Abused because it doesn't have the blocker in it. So the locks on me. So that's how that works. And then it's also important, which you probably already know, but you have to be somewhat
Dr Jameson: Well, once you're on the Suboxone, it's fine. You just keep taking it, but the first dose of Suboxone, you have to be
Dr Jameson: In some degree of withdrawal before you take it because it will actually push out other opiates if they happen to be there when the Suboxone arrives.
Dr Jameson: And that actually brings you from wherever you work crashing down to the level of the Suboxone and from what I'm what people describe. It's the worst withdrawal. You can even imagine kind of all at once. Terrible.
Dr Jameson: Have you had experience with that. Are you familiar with that whole, no problem. Okay.
So you're lucky, then yeah.
Dr Jameson: So, I'm sorry. So, tell me again. You've
Dr Jameson: Taken Suboxone how, when was the last dose, you had, um, well I had actually bought one day, one day before yesterday. Okay, and then have you taken any
Dr Jameson: Thing. Any other opiates since then. No. Okay. So, okay, because that's, yeah, we want it unformed, this was the one, the one negative to the to the medication that I can
Dr Jameson: That I can say is that you have to be uncomfortable before you start it, which is not great but once you're on it, then you're then you're fine. I've been
rosita stotridge: I've been having withdrawals. For the past two or three days now but a runny nose and can't sleep did
You fill in, like, a scrub against crawling.
Dr Jameson: So, so you're good. As soon as you get the prescription filled, you can start and
Dr Jameson: I guess you know i don't know what your it's going to be two and then a half a day. So if you want. I don't know how you can split those up, however.
Dr Jameson: however you like. Technically, the medication is meant was meant to be a once a day medication.
Dr Jameson: We find most of our patients don't like that idea. At least start, you want to take repeatedly throughout the day instead of all at once, once a day, so it's fine. I mean, you can do it either way. It doesn't matter, but
Like the two and a half, all at once.
Dr Jameson: It's a very so it's a long acting medication. So we talked about half lives and in pharmacology, so it
Dr Jameson: It takes a little while to get the level up, but not that long. And then it stays and very gradually comes down, which is why you've probably noticed when you start to withdraw from it. It's not
Dr Jameson: Quite as it doesn't happen as soon and it's not quite as it's a little more drawn out before you get to your very worst. And that's because there's still some there and it's it's gradually dropping
Dr Jameson: So once you're at your steady state is the another term we use in pharmacology, as far as your level goes
Dr Jameson: It's such a gradual decline that really, it can be taken all at once, once a day.
Dr Jameson: You don't, I'm not telling you that you need to do that, but I'm just letting you know if you wanted to do.
Dr Jameson: Probably at first, you're probably going to want to take it regularly to kind of like get used to it. But as time goes on, you could consider splitting it into two doses in the day, or I don't know, let us figure out how you want to do it, but I would start with a full pill and then
Dr Jameson: Give it a little time and see how you feel, consider maybe, you know, twice a day and then a half at bedtime or, I don't know, whatever time of day seems to be harder for you that probably want you and take the extra half but
Dr Jameson: It really whatever seems to work best for you. It's really fine. I just ask that you not increase your dose without talking to me first and
Dr Jameson: Yeah, I mean, we have problems with, you know, the pharmacies are watching too. So if you run out faster than you're supposed to. It doesn't really matter what I say they're not going to feel and other professions so
Dr Jameson: So we need to be on the same page about what you're doing.
Dr Jameson: We've had a run a problem with
Dr Jameson: In general, and it wasn't you, because you have never been here before. But we have a problem in general with people missing appointments, especially with counselors. But even with Me too. I mean, anybody and group in general. So
Dr Jameson: I tried to just say out upfront everybody coming on, like we expect you to make that this you know the priority is your recovery. And so we expect people to be at their appointments when they're, when they're scheduled
Dr Jameson: You know, that's where you get your refill is in groups. So if you don't come to group then, you know, then you're calling. Two days later, I'm on a medicine. Yeah, I bet you are out of medicine now, aren't you, so
Dr Jameson: You know, we're not going to fall over ourselves on a Saturday to call. I mean, we might do it, but it's not going to be like I drop everything to rush and do that because this was not my doing this, you're doing and what I mean. So we don't necessarily make it
rosita stotridge: This is important responsibility.
Dr Jameson: Absolutely. And there are consequences and it's important. Some of our patients have, you know, kind of got stuck in adolescence and never quite
Dr Jameson: Finished yet chapter. So sometimes it's partly I feel like I'm sometimes just being a parent sometimes
Dr Jameson: But anyway, um, so just to say that up front. And so I told I explained how we do a week at a time. At first, and then we gradually increase you. Well, if you keep missing appointments and you don't call you don't. Well, you know,
Dr Jameson: Then maybe you only get three days of medicine at a time, and even in the worst in the most
Dr Jameson: Problematic cases you getting one day of medicine at a personal, you know, you get two pills, with seven refills like
Dr Jameson: We can do that if we if you know we'd rather not have to, but, um, so anyway, there is there's like a, you know, given take enough, you know, earning earning your privileges kind of a thing. So
Dr Jameson: That being said, we're also pretty understanding reasonable people. So if something's happening has happened is about to happen and you realize you're not going to be able to keep whatever appointment. It is
Dr Jameson: Okay, just give us a call. Let us know so we can make adjustments and put somebody else in that spot or whatever, you know, just kind of common courtesy and hopefully I don't really need to have those issues here, but
Dr Jameson: I just try to put it all out up front. So there's no oh no, look,
So,
Dr Jameson: Young mean, I think we're pretty forgiving and reasonable for sure understandable, like, you know, we get it there, especially these days with with
Dr Jameson: Everything's crazy, but we do also request the sort of common courtesy of especially when there's professional people sitting waiting for our patients to show up and they don't bother to call and say they can't make it. It's like, you know, kind of lame. So
Dr Jameson: Anyway, we can. I can get off that little soapbox now.
Dr Jameson: So yeah give the pharmacy a call before you head down there to make sure they received the prescription and make sure they don't have any issues if you need a prior off if they have a question about was this doctor in California and
Dr Jameson: Then just anytime there's an issue you want to head to virtual clinic. That's usually your, your
Dr Jameson: Go to place there is someone always there available to answer so 24 seven if you need to.
Dr Jameson: And then
Dr Jameson: We'll plan on seeing you tomorrow actually right away group is actually going to be, oh no it's Rochelle tomorrow, sorry. What am I, other counselor.
Dr Jameson: That doesn't the majority of my groups is on vacation this week. So I was about to tell you that we had a substitute. But it's this is one of the groups that I have a different counselor with nevermind.
Dr Jameson: The counselors name is Rochelle and
Dr Jameson: Just say, like, if in case you have any anxiety about what that's going to be like, we're pretty you know she may ask you invite you to
Dr Jameson: Answer a question or contribute, but you're hundred percent allowed to say I'd rather not today, or I don't feel comfortable or I'd rather just listen. Today, or I don't know or you know you can just say no if you don't feel comfortable
Dr Jameson: Eventually will expect that you start to cooperate and participate, but you don't. It's okay if you're not quite there yet.
Dr Jameson: We do usually think she starts the groups with a gratitude. Some my other cancer and it's a group with a gratitude. But we usually ask everyone to give some something at least one thing that they're grateful for. So just to give you a little
Dr Jameson: Preview, I guess you have something that you're not totally caught up on that, but
Dr Jameson: We usually have some topic about something to do with recovery skills or relapse prevention or
Dr Jameson: What have you. So I don't know what she's got
Dr Jameson: In
Dr Jameson: Store for us tomorrow.
Dr Jameson: Okay, any questions for me before we I talked to you much. I'm sorry you pretty much covered it. Okay.
Dr Jameson: And then some probably I know terrible
Dr Jameson: Okay, so I will see you tomorrow and hopefully there will be smooth sailing at the pharmacy, but let us know if there's anything we can do to help them alive and do try to remember to check in, no later than 1130 that I say that the half an hour early tomorrow.
Dr Jameson: Sometimes it helps to put alarms and cell phones and such. Just make sure you don't forget what time it is.
Dr Jameson: Just a thought.
Dr Jameson: Anyway, all right. Well, it was nice to meet you and hopefully the higher dose will be more comfortable for you. Thank you.
Dr Jameson: Take care. See you tomorrow. Okay.
Dr Jameson: Okay. I didn't realize I hadn't finished and I don't even remember where I was. So this was a history and physical on
Dr Jameson: Rosita Stockbridge so name and date of birth were confirmed
Dr Jameson: Confirmed she consensus to tell a medicine and having accorded visit
Dr Jameson: Is a
Dr Jameson: 32 year old woman presents today to resume.
Dr Jameson: Suboxone period. She has previously been in and out of treatment. Over the past four years of the local clinic period. Her most recent one.
Dr Jameson: Only agreed to treat her with a milligrams a day, which did not adequately control her withdrawal symptoms. She therefore has been
Dr Jameson: Purchasing medication on the street herself period, she feels best if she can take two and a half.
Dr Jameson: phones or tablets a day.
Dr Jameson: Period.
Dr Jameson: Her most recent dose. Was he said two days ago she denies any other opiates into ingestion. Since then, she's beginning to experience withdrawal symptoms including
Dr Jameson: Hot and cold, insomnia, restlessness.
Dr Jameson: And runny nose, as well as anxiety.
Dr Jameson: She has a long history of opiate
Dr Jameson: Use
Dr Jameson: And dependence period.
Dr Jameson: She's been using
Dr Jameson: Heroin for the past
Dr Jameson: Eight to 10 years after originally
Dr Jameson: Starting out with
Dr Jameson: Prescription
Dr Jameson: Pills period.
Dr Jameson: She snorts heroin and denies any IV administration.
Dr Jameson: Period. She's currently lost custody of her four kids who are with her sister.
Dr Jameson: Some of her family members are
Dr Jameson: dubious about the the overall concept of medication assisted therapy.
Dr Jameson: And in fact, she tells me that her sister was able to successfully get our kids.
Dr Jameson: Custody just by
Dr Jameson: Reporting patients.
Dr Jameson: Participation in the Suboxone clinic as justification Joe's apparently accepted by the judge. In that case, period.
Dr Jameson: She's texting with her mother and hopes to get
Dr Jameson: Enough stability.
Dr Jameson: Far as her addiction goes to ultimately weaken custody period I filled in past medical history, etc.
Dr Jameson: Her height is five five.
Dr Jameson: Don't have a weight on her.
Dr Jameson: Mental silence physical or normal
Dr Jameson: Severe
Dr Jameson: Plan patient has previously had some success with medication assisted therapy.
Dr Jameson: Period.
Dr Jameson: Certainly seems that the benefits
Dr Jameson: Outweigh the potential risks of of not continuing in that period.
Dr Jameson: I remember ran the PDF report for Tennessee.
Which shows
Dr Jameson: Last Phil date of March 18th, I believe, for 13 pills.
Dr Jameson: Review the structure of the program review the mechanism of action of the medication. She does not experienced side effects that she's been aware of
Dr Jameson: When she's used to in the past period. She's going to join our Wednesday Tennessee group at noon.
Dr Jameson: I sent a prescription for
Dr Jameson: Its last two tablets.
Dr Jameson: Number 16
Dr Jameson: No refill.
Dr Jameson: And we will be assessed her dose.
Dr Jameson: Over the next week she
Dr Jameson: will attend route, tomorrow, we have initial labs and
Dr Jameson: As soon as she can.
Dr Jameson: And
Dr Jameson: That's the end of this picture.